# Foundations of Web Design 

## *Early Access / Alpha Preview*

A free/libre course on fundamental HTML, CSS, and Modulo components

Take the course at <https://freecodinglessons.com>

**Work in Progress:** This course is not complete, but is just being developed
in the open. This means that not all content listed below has been completed.
The version of this site published at <https://freecodinglessons.com> will be
likely to be more clear about what is complete.

# Preview

Check out [overview.md](./overview.md) for more information.


# Message from author

Thanks for considering my course! Let me introduce why I created it.

For over seven years I have lead instruction and developed curriculum for
"coding bootcamp" training programs in the San Francisco Bay Area.  Throughout
this time the instructors and students I worked with were frustrated at the
lack of high-quality, open access, no-nonsense coding curriculum. Instead,
search engine results turns up endless pages of content hidden behind paywalls,
cluttered with messy ads and flashy animations, and out-dated instructions that
slow down beginners trying to build websites or break into the tech industry.
The very worst part is that this "clutter" problem is the most acute at the
foundational stages of learning, making learning to code sometimes feel like
navigating a noisy, chaotic, carnival-like maze!

I designed *Foundations of Web Design* to fill in this gap. I want it to be a
fun, useful, and immediately useful web design course. Most importantly, I am
releasing it free forever under a free/libre open source license. A dependable
learning resource that's accessible to self-teach, while teaching powerful
skills that provide results in both work and personal projects.  I hope that
both absolute beginners, and even intermediate learners looking to fill in
gaps, will be empowered by taking this course to build cool, creative,
expressive, modern, and useful websites and web applications. I can't wait to
see what you will all build based on this!

        See you in class!
        - Michael


# License

GPL 3.0

